# Summer 2019 Web Design at RISD — Final Project

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Instructions
You’re building a portfolio-themed web site of your graphic design/photographic/illustration work for your final project. If you don’t have work of your own to present in a portfolio, you have three options:

1. Use a friend’s, colleague’s, or family member’s work as the basis for your project.
2. Create a portfolio of an artist’s or designer’s work whom you admire. (They can be alive or deceased.)
3. Produce a portfolio for a fictitious person or entity using open source images.

I encourage you to consider both traditional web design elements (navigations on top, 960 pixel widths, etc) and non-traditional elements (navigation elements perhaps on the bottom, non-linear display of content, etc). Experiment!

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

### File List
1. `README.md`
2. `index.html`
3. `css/reset.css`
4. `css/style.css`
5. `img/`
6. `js/`

## The Rules
* Your project must be a multi-page site consisting of at least three pages: `about`, `contact`, `gallery/portfolio`.
* Only submit files that are required by your project: Do not submit working files, such as `.psd`, `.ai`, `.indd`, or `.sketch` files.
* Use lowercase, combined with kebab case, to name folders and files (`do-this` or `do-this.html`); no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); no snake case (`not_this`).
* Do not alter or remove the `reset.css` file in the `css` folder.
* Do not alter or remove any of the `.gitignore` files.
* All HTML files must go in the root of this folder, with the `index.html` file acting as the sprinboard file for your site.
* All CSS must go in the `css` folder.
* All images must go in the `img` folder.
* jQuery and/or JavaScript files must go in the `js` folder. If you’re not using either language, then you may delete the `js` folder.
* Use as many colors as you need.
* Use as many typefaces as you need.
* No lorem ipsum content; that is, no filler content.

## Questions to Consider
* What is the trend in pages that display similar content? How far can my design stray from that trend without affecting user experience (UX) negatively?
* Is the contrast between type and (back) ground balanced sufficiently to make reading easy? If not, can I justify why?
* Which typeface will help me to get my meaning across? If using more than one typeface, does each complement each other, and do they work harmoniously with the overall design?
* Is the space I use around content helping the user consume my design, or is it making her/him work hard at understanding my intentions?
* Which sections of the content are most important?
* What should be emphasized?
* Does the color scheme complement the message I’m trying to convey, or is it simply serving an aesthetic role in my design?
* Is my design communicating what I need it to?
* Is my site easy to navigate?

## Validate
Make sure Atom continually reports `No errors were found!` in the lower left hand corner as you work on your HTML and CSS. Solve validation issues as you work — don’t let them accumulate.

## Due
1:00 PM on Friday, 2 August 2019.

## Submission
You will need to issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your fork was created. See the **Issuing Pull Requests** section of [this site](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/index.html) for help on how to submit your assignment.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. **No other form of submission will be accepted**.
